Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
We're almost at the end of logical testing.
So logical Test three e logical tests.
Checking if e that I should say if that logical test checking if if either criteria are
true.
OK,
so we're going to step through the code because we know mostly does pick the right cheek,
clear the contents,
like,
be to do while the active cell does not equal blank.
So there's our do There's our loop at the end of it.
I'm just gonna invent that there so we can see the do loop more clearly.
Nay,
go that lines up nicely.
Okay,
So the logical test,
if the active cell Veldt value,
which if we hover over it,
we can see equals male or that is the operative word there or so If either of these
criteria are true,
then do this code we don't have in else because we don't need an else.
If it's if this is true or this issue,
do this failing that,
move down herself on loop again.
So if the active celled up value equals male,
all the active cell duct value equals brown.
So if it's a man or if they have brown hair,
then execute this code here.
Other ways just moved down the cell on Let's loop around again.
So let's just hit f eight.
So there you go.
This person is a man.
Let's just scroll over or has brown hair or both.
So let's just step through that on.
Didn't see what we guess.
I'm just gonna hold me finger on there.
There you go.
In fact,
let's just run that by pressing play.
Okay?
So if we highlight on select just men,
absolutely.
Everyone is on their selectable.
Oops,
did that backwards.
So I just want to select women and you can see them.
Not everyone has been selected,
but the lady with brown hair,
brown hair and brown hair has been selected.
So the statement this person is a man or has brown hair or both is most definitely true on
That's how you test If either of your criteria are true using the whole now,
obviously,
as with the and you can nestle so you can save the active DUP value equals male or the
active Celta offsets two columns across equals brown all the one further across on that
equals green yuk unless them as much as you want.
You can just keep adding them together.
Okay,
so let's have a sneak peek of what's coming up.
Another program in project.
So sub logical three f copying convert this code just here and converted to cells.
By the time you finish doing these programming projects,
you'll know cells inside and out,
as they say.
Personally,
I prefer to work with ranges so I can watch what's happening live in the Excel window.
And then when I know the code is solid,
I will then converted to cells.
Okay,
so in the next lecture,
all the last one,
we're going to be looking at select case now.
That's really powerful,
but it is the last lecturing logical test in,
so I will see you in the next lecture.